are you finding it difficult to pay your
bills is inflation catching up to you
well it's just you the government wants
you to believe that you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
in today's video we're going to look at
some absurd absurd claims like consumer
confidence is rising yeah we're going to
start there and then we're going to get
to some more funny business today and
then talk about the reality of what's
actually happening okay because the
mainstream is going to parot The
Narrative of the garbage government look
us consumer confidence rebounds in May
after 3 months of decline they'll tell
you these type of stats and my goodness
it's so unusual to ever suggest that
well of course these stats the way they
work it's it's nonsense what's it all
about let's never forget never forget
the number one reason not anything else
but this they're talking about the
central banks in this article here it's
just saying no more excuses Central
Bankers need to get back ahead of the
curve the ECB and the Boe should not
wait long too long before they EAS in
their policy stance yeah yeah cut rates
yeah that's what we need yeah cut
rates ignite the Flames of this fire The
Inferno of inflation hasn't done you
enough damage let's double it up the
actual solution to the problem problem
is not having moderate rates of interest
it's having excessive interest rates in
order to put you know when you're
there's a fire and they take a guard
that's what you know the firefighters do
they arrive at the burning building and
they take a garden hose or maybe one of
those little little little squirt guns
little like kid squirt guns and and they
they spray that fire okay and they just
do that and and maybe they have like
like 50 uh Fighters doing that and and
you know it does does a little bit right
that's what that's what you want you
want these grown men with little squirt
guns trying to put out that fire does
that make any ounce of sense to you
whatsoever that's what they're doing you
need to use the proper equipment right
or else you're not going to get that
fire out I mean come on trau says real
estate needs to be more affordable but
lowering home prices
would would put retirement plans at risk
so don't expect prices to go down let's
make sure that we can send housing
prices Higher and Higher and Higher and
Higher that's what they're going to do
laging Canadian Banks hold out for Hope
on rate Cuts that's right they believe
the odds of a rate cut will be 65% in
June this we talking about the Bank of
Canada rate Cuts
already already getting in this mindset
that we need to cut rates and they have
said specifically we don't need to do
what the US is doing we could do it
ourselves record high beef prices maybe
the new Norm maybe the new Norm
right it is The New Normal right now
today already we have seen the pain of
inflation we've seen it all over the
place haven't we it's not just beef
prices someone could say okay well I
just want to have beef okay but it's
going on everywhere everything has gone
up yeah some things have gone up more
than others but there's very few things
that haven't gone up and a lot of cases
actually what's happening is there's
subsidies and things that keep prices
down we know that like just look at
Dairy for instance Dairy should be like
way way more expensive but it's not all
right that it's subsidized it's you know
there's different Industries are like
that wheat hits 10mon high on worries
over Black Sea crops concerns Mount over
cold and dry weather in major exporters
you could see it right here wheat now
you might say well I don't have any
Wheat but you got to know what's
happening here is one thing after
another after
another so this is just showing us over
the last little while it goes up and
down and all that but it's now on the
high and while you may not eat it other
people are eating a lot of people I mean
this is a staple rice is a staple wheat
is a staple corn is a staple these
things yeah they can go higher over time
but when we see rapid inclines here it
makes its way into the producer
prices and you know those making you
know the the food the actual processing
of that food the stuff we would buy well
that then becomes more expensive it
doesn't go down ever you see that's the
challenge here it's a big challenge
skyrocketing rents and home prices may
be pivotal in the 2024 election and we
know that of course uh that as the
election comes what are people thinking
am I in a good standing right now or
could I use some change and that's
usually the way things work all right
let's vote this guy okay let's vote this
guy okay let's vote this guy it's you
know it's obviously ridiculous uh but
that's the way that things go in reality
and now cost the average American family
$112,000 more to maintain the same
living standards as before Biden took
office now of course this is getting
political but what I tell you at the
beginning is that it's the central banks
that are doing this first and foremost
yeah we can point our fingers at these
people but they're there for four years
they're there for the 8 years and
they're gone well who remains of course
is those Puppet Masters behind it all
devaluing your currency each and every
day each and every day and so what are
people doing about it bargain hungry
Americans are flocking to Teemu Teemu is
this company offering cheap stuff it's
basically for the most part anyway you
have the Chinese
factories they want sell to the American
public directly instead of indirectly uh
in many cases the you know these
factories might produce something and
then uh sell it to somebody and then
they put it on Amazon or they put it on
Walmart or whatever no they want to sell
direct to the consumer now people are
picking that up this is talking about
Sheen is talking about timu uh catching
up to Amazon because they are direct
directly from the manufacturer to the
people so they cut out the middleman
save some costs this is happening it's
happening right now but what does it
tell us about the circumstances of the
consumer obviously they're hurting okay
so we know that to be the case we know
what's going on with the dollar stores
more dollar stores are being built up uh
the dollar stores are starting to carry
more products and what's happening with
dollar stores is that they're not
exactly dollar stores anymore right
we've got $5 products at Dollar Stores I
mean maybe even more where you live you
let me know
but it's quite obvious that consumers
are doing more and more to try to
mitigate the effects of inflation what
are some of the things that you as an
individual can do to lower this burden
well of course it would be nice if
suddenly we would get paid more right
well hey if we get paid more that's
great but what happens here is this you
know if if
wages start to go up well then what
happens oh prices start to go up and
then wages go up and then prices go up
we want to see things hopefully becoming
cheaper that would be nice you see if
stocks would decline by 50% from here if
real estate would decline by 50% from
here first of all we still wouldn't be
at fair value for either which is crazy
to even think about but that then
becomes a more Lev
and even playing Ground where we could
actually somehow find things at a
discount because not everything would be
50% some things might be 80% some things
might be 20% and so we can go and find
the bargains and then buy it up that's
assets right but unfortunately the way
things are they just go up and up and up
and up and up and you can't catch up
it's impossible to catch up and of
course that's the goal that's what
inflation is all about inflation is all
about punishing people it's all about
punishing people it is not anything else
except creating a divide in between the
rich and the poor you don't do that with
deflation you do that with the the the
fiery Inferno of
inflation often times what happens is
that we have a deflation things come
down by 50% or whatever and then people
start to feel more confident they are
buying in but what happens like what's
the thing that comes at the bottom of
that deflation it's always the the tarp
bailout the quantitative easing all
these different programs come through
that's the inflation look what happened
with 2020 all that cash pumped into the
system and guess what we have still
today more and more and more of this
stuff sloshing around pushing prices up
to the sky so as an individual the
things that you can do of course are the
things that I always discuss I discuss
this basically every day but you've got
to do what you can to increase your Top
Line what does that mean you got to try
to earn more income what a lot of people
had been doing is they've been going
from one company to another company
because they said look this company's
not going to give me a raise but if I
simply go to another company they are
going to give me a raise now that
doesn't mean every six months like
people were doing they were just
quitting and going to the next company
that looks bad in your resume but
companies don't expect people to stay at
companies forever like the whole like
I've been there for 25 years that's not
really the norm anymore uh so let's say
two years to five years is sort of that
range depends on the company depends on
the industry and all that but that
six-month nonsense is obviously a bad
thing to have in a resume uh the point
is we got to do what we can and we can't
get comfortable because we need to be
comfortable with the
uncomfortable comfortable being
uncomfortable this is this is essential
and what I always say like if it was a
friend asking me I would say come onto
my Sunday business live and learn how to
build an online business because uh and
by online I mean you are online like you
could sell of course the physical uh
Goods physical products in stores and
you might ask the question well I you
just talked about consumers not having
money why am I going to sell stuff there
are always products that people need to
buy the not you know the latest iPhone
the latest Trend no no there are things
that people will buy even during the
financial crisis the pet
Niche actually grew believe it or not
okay so you know things that people want
to buy they will buy so keep that in
mind okay if you want more details about
that there's a link at the top of this
description don't just let it go by you
got to take action today click that link
and let me know what you think you can
email me directly from there don't
forget to come back tomorrow I'll see
you then take care